## 2024.04.01
A wave of bedbug outbreaks [1] in Europe and Asia has caused panic on a global scale. Infestations[2] in cities including Paris and Seoul have pushed authorities to cracks down on the bloodsucking[3] pests in the hope of bringing them under control.

The insects, which often cluster[4] in beds and clothing, live off[5] the blood of humans and other animals. They can be difficult to detect and even harder to get rid of.[6] Worse yet, they're easily spread in the luggage of international travelers. Although they don't appear to spread any diseases, their bites can cause itchy is rashes, allergy[過敏性] symptoms[癥狀], and even psychological effects in humans.

In Paris, severe infestations have been reported since last September, and the government is eager to exterminate the bugs before the city hosts the Olympic Games in July. Meanwhile, in Seoul, where people have been avoiding cinemas and trains with fabric[布料] seats, the mayor has created a task force to deal with the a fast-spreading problem.

The most effective way to kill the bugs is with heat, as they typically die if exposed to temperatures around 50 degrees Celsius for about two hours. Heat treatments will thus so be among the various measures[措施] taken by cities and citizens alike as they struggle to destroy the unwelcome guests.

[1] （尤指疾病、危險或不快之事的）發作，暴發，突然發生
[2]  侵擾，大批出沒
[3]  bloodsucker 吸血生物
[4]  群聚
[5]  依靠...生活
[6]  免去…的負擔



## 2024.04.02
Have you ever felt awkward [難用的] just being yourself?
If you're shy, you might know the feeling. But guess what? Even famous movie stars like Timothée Chalamet sometimes feel that way. Fortunately for Chalamet,
though, he excels[擅長] at being people other than himself, and his ease[減輕] at getting into character is likely what makes him such a force to be reckoned[認為] with in Hollywood.

Chalamet got his first acting roles as a child, but it wasn't until he starred in 2017's Call Me by Your Name that he started to attract widespread[遍佈的] attention.

Astonishingly[令人驚訝的], he was so dedicated[盡心盡力]' to perfecting his performance that he took the initiative to learn Italian, as well as both the piano and guitar. His hard work paid off[取得成功], and at just 22, he became the third-youngest person to ever be nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor.

Not long after, Chalamet starred in director Greta Gerwig's first solo film, Lady Bird, alongside[在...一起]' Saoirse Ronan. The experience resulted in a close friendship among the three that led them to work together again on 2019's Little Women. With several critically[危急地] acclaimed films under his belt[已经获得或完成的”], Chalamet began landing major parts in Hollywood blockbusters[轰动一时的成功作品"],  such as  the lead role in 2021's Dune.

Chalamet is widely considered one of the most promising[有希望的] actors of his generation. On top of that, he's gained a reputation' as a fashion icon, with GQ magazine calling him the best dressed man in the world in 2020. This is all the more intriguing[極具吸引力的] because Chalamet doesn't follow traditional male ideals but rather blurs[模糊的東西] the line between masculine[男子氣概的] and feminine in both appearance and behavior.

Interviewers describe Chalamet as sensitive[敏感] and emotional[情感豐富]. Asked in 2021 by Time what he stands for, the 35 actor replied, "I feel like I'm here to show that to wear your heart on your sleeve is OK." And indeed, he's not afraid to be vulnerable." Dune director Denis Villeneuve recounted[講述] how Timmy, as his friends call him, frequently confided his fears and concerns to him while working on the film.

After the success of Dune, more big things are in store for the actor. In December 2023, fans were treated to the whimsical[離奇的] musical fantasy[幻想；想像] Wonka, which tells the origin of Willy Wonka from Roald Dahl's 1964 novel Charlie and the Chocolate Factory. And of course, Dune: Part Two and its all-star cast hit theaters in February. So, it's safe to say that Timmy has joined the big leagues.
 


## 2024.04.04 古代建築之謎：哥貝克力石陣與巨石陣
Göbekli Tepe and Stonehenge are both ancient structures known for their impressive[令人印象深刻的] size and sophisticated? construction techniques. Each gives us s a look into the culture of the people that built it, though we may never know the whole story of either.

Göbekli Tepe, the older of the two sites[地點 場所], is located on a mountain in modern-day

Turkey. Built from around 9500-8000 BC, it's believed to be one of the world's oldest man-made structures. The site consists of huge stone pillars[支柱] arranged in a number of circles. Many of these pillars-some of 15 which are up to five and a half meters tall— are decorated with images of humans and animals. But what makes Göbekli Tepe even more of a wonder[驚奇] is the fact that it was built before people had metal building tools!

As to why it was built, many archaeologists[考古學家] believe ancient hunter-gatherer[畜牧者] groups came together there for important ceremonies[儀式] and religious rituals[祭典]—making it the world's oldest 25 temple. The site challenges our views about early human societies as it suggests that complex social structures and large, highly organized communal[公共自治的] activities existed much earlier than previously believed. To 30 date, only 5 percent of the site has been excavated[挖掘出來的]," so it may still have many secrets to reveal.

Located more than 3,000 kilometers from Göbekli Tepe, in southern England, Stonehenge[巨石陣] is another mysterious ancient structure that provides an interesting view into the lives of people from the distant past.  Unlike Göbekli Tepe, however, Stonehenge was constructed much later—around 3000 BC-and is somewhat smaller in scale.  

Today, only part of the original structure remains, but the ruins[毀滅] clearly show that it was composed of an inner and outer ring of stones. There were about 160 stones in total, many of which were 4 meters tall and 2 meters wide. Some of them were brought from over 480 kilometers away and must have taken substantial[真實的] effort to transport. No one is exactly sure how or why the so ancient architects' hauled[拖曳的] them from such a distance to create this special place.

As with Göbekli Tepe, archaeologists take the view that Stonehenge was built for important ceremonial[儀式 典禮] or religious reasons.  Part of the evidence[證據] for this is that the stones in Stonehenge appear to align with the sunrise on the longest day of the year and the sunset on the shortest. But we may never know exactly[正是 恰好] why or how the site  was used. In other words, the mysteries of Stonehenge, like those of Göbekli Tepe, are likely to endure[忍受]？



## 2024.04.08 規劃野餐
A Perfect Time for a Picnic

Lana and Max are sitting on the balcony of their apartment enjoying some sunshine.

Lana: Hasn't the weather been great lately? It was so nice on Sunday that I went for a stroll[漫步] in the riverside park.
Max: That sounds lovely. Were there lots of people there?
Lana: Yes, quite a few were out having picnics, riding bicycles, and so forth.*
Max: That makes sense. Spring is the perfect time for outdoor activities like that.
Lana: Indeed! It was nice to see families out enjoying themselves together.
Max: Well, speaking of picnics, how about we plan one ourselves? We could make a day of it.
Lana: That's a fabulous[美好 極佳] idea! It'd be a great way to take advantage of this splendid[辉煌] weather. When were you thinking?

## 2024.04.09 淺談維生素B的益處
Our bodies require different types of nutrients to function properly[適當地]. Among the most important ones are B vitamins, a group of eight essential vitamins whose job is to make sure that one's body is at its best. From making red blood cells and disease prevention to generating? energy from the food we eat, B vitamins indeed benefit us in many ways.

While the B vitamins can be identified by their  such as Bi, B2, and B3, each has its own name as well. B1, for example, is also known as thiamine and in brain function and the conversion[轉化 改變] of nutrients into energy. Bz and B3, or riboflavin and niacin, respectively[各自地] help our bodies _(4)_ food and keep our nervous system[神經系統] in working 10 order. B7, better known by its _(5) _ name biotin, helps metabolize[代謝] fats, carbohydrates," and proteins. But of all the B vitamins, Be (pyridoxine) and B12 (cobalamin) may be the most important, as they play crucial roles in the formation[組建 編列] of red blood cells and neurotransmitters, and in maintaining bone health, among other _(6)_ Most types of B vitamins are readily _(7)__ in everyday foods like eggs, tuna[鮪魚], is salmon[三文魚], chicken, and whole grains[五穀雜糧]. Meanwhile, vegetables such as broccoli[青花菜], cabbage[卷心菜], and [菠菜] are particularly good sources of Bs and B9. Therefore, _(8)_ _ the recommended daily allowances of B vitamins should be no trouble for someone who eats a balanced diet.
Still, animal sources _(9)_ significant quantities of B vitamins, so people who regularly exclude meat and dairy[乳制品] from their diets may be at risk of not getting enough B vitamins. Insufficient[不足] levels of B vitamins can cause a host of major and minor health（10）__ In such cases, taking B vitamin pills may be the solution. However, B vitamin deficiency[缺失] isn't a candition[使命] that should be self-diagnosed, and taking B vitamin pills incorrectly could be harmful. Therefore, be sure to eat healthy, and if in doubt, consult your doctor!

## 2024.04.10 迷人的空中海盜 軍艦鳥
With their elegant and distinctive[獨一無二] silhouettes[輪廓] frigate[護衛艦] birds are a fascinating kind of seabird found in tropical[热带地區] regions around the world. Their unique characteristics' and incredible abilities make them s a subject of great interest for bird fans and nature lovers alike.

There are five species of frigate birds, and they are all known for their striking[引人注目的] appearances. They have long, pointed wings and a deeply forked tail 1o that set them apart from other seabirds. However, their most iconic feature is their bright red throat[喉嚨] pouch, which the males inflate[膨脹] to attract[吸引] mates during the breeding season. The pouch can expand' to such a surprising size that it makes the 15 birds look even more impressive than usual.

After the breeding season, the nesting[簽套] habits of the birds come into play. Building their nest[巢] on remote islands, female frigate birds lay just one egg at a time, and both parents take turns incubating[孵化]  it. The chick is born helpless and relies on its

parents for several months before learning to fend for itself. Once fully grown, though, frigate birds can travel vast distances. As such, they can be found across the tropical 25 waters of the Americas, from the Galápagos Islands to the Caribbean.

One of the most amazing attributes of frigate birds is their astonishing flying ability. Masters of the sky, they are so capable of soaring[高扬] for hours without even flapping their wings. Instead, they rely on thermal[散熱] air currents to stay in the air, which allows them to preserve their energy as they hunt for food. Meanwhile, 3s their keen" vision helps them spot fish and other prey from high above the ocean, and they skillfully snatch' their meals straight from the water's surface.


＠＠＠＠從這邊繼續
Despite their brilliant flying and hunting abilities, frigate birds are not as proficient® at diving into the water as some other seabirds. This has led them to develop a cunning' and somewhat notorious feeding strategy. To compensate for their diving «s limitations,'S frigate birds often engage in kleptoparasitism, a behavior in which they harass other birds until they throw up their recently caught food. The frigate birds then steal and eat the meal, earning them the so nickname "pirates of the sky."

In short, frigate birds are truly remarkable creatures. Their unusual abilities and behaviors provide a particularly magnificent example of the diversity' ss and wonder of the natural world. They remind us of the many enchanting* species that inhabit our planet's remote and wild corners.






